Improve "Operator crashes on startup with `OOMKilled`" docs section (#5836)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/troubleshooting/common-problems.asciidoc

kubectl patch sts elastic-operator -n elastic-system -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"containers":[{"name":"manager", "resources":{"limits":{"memory":"2Gi"}}}]}}}}'
----

> NOTE: It is a best practice to set `spec.containers[].resources.limits.memory` and `spec.containers[].resources.requests.memory` to the same value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It is recommended to set limits (`spec.containers[].resources.limits`) that match requests (`spec.containers[].resources.requests`) in order to prevent operator's Pod from being terminated during link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/node-pressure-eviction/[node-pressure eviction].
```
